 Let's kick things off by creating a new ticket. Our goal is to expose the diagram's creator agent via an API. I'll write a quick story description, move the ticket to the analysis state, and assign it to our AI teammate. Hold on. An AI teammate? You mean an AI is going to work on this ticket alongside you? Exactly. Watch this. The AI teammate is now picking up the ticket and has already started to flesh out the description for us. Wow. So no more writing those long, detailed descriptions from scratch? I'm already impressed. And just like that, the AI teammate has assigned the ticket back to us. It has a few questions to clarify some points, so the ticket is temporarily blocked. But look at this. It has already prepared a beautiful, detailed description complete with a three-story point estimation. All following our project templates. That is incredible. It understood the initial idea and came back with clarifying questions and a full, project-ready description? That must save so much time. It sure does. Now I'll just quickly answer its questions about the expected input for the API and the desired output format. Simple enough. Now that I've provided the answers, I'll move the ticket from blocked back to analysis and assign it right back to our AI teammate. And here we go again. The AI teammate has already returned the ticket to us for review with an updated description based on my answers. That was unbelievably fast. So it's already incorporated the feedback. It did. The description now includes the specific input and output formats we wanted. Everything looks perfect. So let's move the ticket to solution design and, you guessed it, assign it back to our AI teammate. Now for the really impressive part. The AI teammate has created a solution design sub-task and has already prepared a complete solution design for our review and approval. It prepared the entire solution design? What does that even include? It's incredibly thorough. It describes the currently existing functionality, the required changes, a full JSON specification, and it ensures all of our acceptance criteria for the AI team. All the data from the story are covered. But on top of all that, it has even designed a sequence mermaid diagram for us. Let's take a look. Wow. A mermaid diagram too. That's fantastic for visualizing the solution. This is some next-level automation. It really is. The solution looks solid, so let's move the solution design ticket to done. With the solution design complete, the AI has automatically created the API development story. Let's open that up. It contains all the necessary details for a developer to get started. It even specifies the classes that will be affected and what needs to be done, right down to the requirement to create a graphic icon for the diagram creator job. That's amazing. It's like having a super efficient tech lead who prepares everything perfectly for the development team. What's next? We'll move it to the ready for development status and assign it once more to our AI teammates. Just as we'd expect, the AI teammate has moved the ticket to in progress and is now starting to develop the code. So the AI is actually writing the code right now? How does that work? Our AI platform is running Gemini CLI through a GitHub Action. It has all the context from the ticket and the solution design. Gemini CLI is now preparing the code and all the prerequisites to create a branch and a pull request, all while adhering to our project's development rules. We'll give it a few minutes to work its magic. And there we have it. A pull request has been created and assigned back to us for review. You can see it was created following all of our branch naming and PR template rules. And get this, another Gemini CLI based agent has already started to perform a code review. It has even left several comments. Wow! What did it find? Let's see. This first comment is more of a stylistic suggestion so we can ignore it for now. I'll just reply to it. The second piece of feedback, however, is very useful. It's suggesting a small optimization and has even offered to apply the fix immediately. Let's do it. Since we've pushed an update, the tests for our core and server modules will run again. While those are running, let's look at the code. We can see even a generated icon. This is everything we need. Great, we can see the tests have passed now. Let's merge the pull request to the main branch. This will automatically trigger our deployment to production. While that's deploying, let's check the current version of the app. If I try to add a new AI job configuration, you'll see that the diagram creator isn't there yet. We can see the deployment is now in progress. It's running through our automated integration tests. Our new feature will be available very soon. The suspense is killing me. I can't wait to see it live. The deployment is complete. Let's take a look at our new AI job configuration page again. I'll go to add a new job configuration and there it is. AI diagram generator. Woohoo, it's there. It actually worked. Let's click on it. We can see the form is laid out exactly according to our request We can also see our configured integrations where we can run our new agent. This is so cool. It went from a simple idea to a fully deployed feature and it was almost entirely handled by AI. Now for the final test, the grand finale. Let's use our new agent to generate diagrams for the very story we just developed. I'll input the ticket number and we'll configure it to add a label to the ticket once the diagram is added. We'll specify the diagram creator role and provide some project context. This will use our Jira integration and the Gemini LLM. It's created, so let's run it. After a few moments, we can check our ticket. There they are. The diagrams are attached as images. And look, in the comments you have the diagram text so you can edit it later if you need to. Exactly, a complete end-to-end workflow from idea to production and even used to document itself. And now for the most satisfying click of all, moving the story to done.